# Learn2Switch

[Lien vers le PDF](/ProjectsFiles/GDDLearn2Switch.pdf)

---

***Learn2Switch*** is a project I completed in 2023 while freelancing on the Fiverr platform.

My American client needed a **Game Design Document** (GDD) for a video game her company wanted to develop. This RPG, aimed at 14-18 year olds, aims to teach players various skills while remaining fun.


## Game Overview:

Experience Learn2SWITCHTM, a thrilling 3D RPG game set on Mars, where players must master 6 key skills: Literacy, Communication, Adaptability, Leadership, Problem-Solving, and Professional Etiquette. Being successful in theses areas is essential for securing a position within the mission crew returning to Earth. Players must master each skill to progress and qualify for job opportunities.

---
I was given certain constraints for writing this GDD. For example, the game was not to be violent and therefore was not to contain any weapons.

The biggest challenge of this project was to make an educational game interesting for young people of this age. Indeed, most educational games do not offer any real challenges, which makes playing them frustrating and causes players to quickly lose interest.
That's one of the reasons why I wanted to keep combat an important part of the game while still respecting the rules that were imposed on me. So, to defeat an enemy, you have to stun them or manage to escape. The weapons I added are non-lethal and fictional. Which was perfectly in line with the brief.

---

This project was my first real break as a game designer and allowed me to immerse myself in a profession that I knew very little about at the time.


